The main immunoglobulin class in mentioned antibody sources is IgG. A comparison of the IgG of cattle, swine and hens is presented in table 3.  
Streptococcus pneumoniae is the most common bacterial cause of communityacquired pneumonia. S pneumoniae can cause a wide variety of clinical symptoms because of its ability to cause disease by either direct extension from the nasopharynx into surrounding anatomic structures or vascular invasion and hematogenous spread. It can result in meningitis, bacteremia, otitis media, sinusitis, septic arthritis, osteomyelitis, peritonitis, and endocarditis. 
Although many pathogens can cause nosocomial gastroenteritis, rotavirus is responsible for 95% or more of viral infections in high-risk nurseries, including the NICU [22, 133] . The clinical picture of rotavirus infections in newborns can vary markedly; there are many reports of asymptomatic rotavirus infection in nurseries [134] . In addition, rotavirus can be manifested as frequent and watery stools in term infants and as abdominal distention and bloody, mucoid stools in preterm neonates [133, 135] . A high titer of virus is excreted in stool of infected persons, and the organism is viable on hands and in the environment for relatively prolonged periods [136, 137] . 
As previously mentioned, a few infections do require brief separations of mother and infant. Women with untreated active pulmonary tuberculosis should be separated from their infants until they no longer are contagious. Mothers with group A streptococcal infections, especially if a draining wound is present, also should be isolated from their infants until they are no longer contagious. 
Coronaviruses (CoVs) are large, enveloped, positivestranded RNA viruses that cause a variety of illnesses in humans and animals (Lai, 1990; Lavi et al., 1999; Perlman, 1998; Zhou et al., 2004) . Most human coronaviruses (HCoVs) fall into one of two serotypes, OC43-like and 229E-like; however, the global outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) was quickly linked to infection with a novel CoV, SARS-CoV Peiris et al., 2003) , and HCoV-NL63, has been recognized recently as a human pathogen (van der Hoek et al., 2004) . The CoV genome encodes numerous non-0166-0934/$ -see front matter © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. doi:10.1016/j.jviromet.2005.03.021 structural proteins and four or five structural proteins including the spike (S), nucleocapsid (N), membrane (M), small envelope (E), and (in some) strains a hemagglutinin-esterase (HE) protein (Lai, 1990) . SARS-CoV has four structural proteins, the S, N, M, and E proteins that have various functions. The S protein forms spikes on the virion surface and is crucial for viral attachment and entry into the host cell. It also induces protective immunity, and is associated with host range, tissue tropism and virulence (Sanchez et al., 1999) . The N protein forms the nucleocapsid; the M protein interacts with the nucleocapsid and forms the internal viral core; and the E protein is associated with the viral envelope. SARS-CoV is genetically distinct from previously described coronaviruses, which have been placed into three antigenic groups: I, II, and III. Human coronaviruses, i.e., 229E-like and OC43-like, belong to groups I and II, respectively, and are recognized as the second most common cause of upper respiratory disease, but are associated infrequently with serious lower respiratory tract disease (El-Sahly et al., 2000; Hendley et al., 1972 , Makela et al., 1998 Falsey et al., 2002) . However, SARS-CoV is usually associated with serious lower respiratory tract disease, having a fatality rate as ranging between 10% and 15% that may be as high as 50% in patients >60 years of age Enserink, 2003; Holmes, 2003; Ksiazek et al., 2003; Poutanen et al., 2003; Rota et al., 2003) . Although the global spread of SARS-CoV was stopped in June 2003, six instances of laboratory-acquired infections have been confirmed and a cluster of sporadic cases have been detected in Guangdong Province, China, between December 2003 and April 2004 (Liang et al., 2004 , demonstrating the potential for SARS to re-emerge and possibly become pandemic. 
Production of type I IFNs is an important component of the host innate immunity against viral infection, and activation of IFN cascade starts from recognition of viral components by two distinct pattern recognition receptors (PRRs); TLRs and retinoic acid inducible gene I (RIG-I)-like receptors (RLRs) including melanoma differentiation associated protein 5 (MDA5) and RIG-I. TLR3, TLR7/8, and TLR9 function at either cell surface or endosomal membranes and are involved in antiviral response (Baccala et al., 2007) . When pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) are sensed by PRRs, signal transduction is turned on to activate IFN regulatory factor 3 (IRF3) and activating protein (AP)-1, and release of NF-B from its inhibitor IB (Baccala et al., 2007) . Activated AP-1, IRF3 and NF-B are translocated to the nucleus and bind their positive regulatory domains (PRDs) within the IFN promoter region and instigate the production of IFNs by recruiting CREB (cyclic AMP responsive element binding)-binding protein (CBP) to form an enhanceosome complex for IFN transcription (Randall and Goodbourn, 2008) . Impaired production of type I IFNs has been observed during infection of arteriviruses. 
In their 1997 report, several broad classes of unconventional pathogens were identified by the Jason Group (Block, 1999) . These include binary bioweapons, which are two-component systems that are relatively safe to handle but become deadly when the two components come together on deployment. The same technology has been used with chemical weapon systems. The Jason Group also postulated the existence of designer genes, in which specific unnatural gene sequences are built into viruses or other life forms to incorporate into the genome of the unsuspecting host, which later becomes the victim. On a similar note, they suggested that, once gene therapy becomes a medical reality, the technology that should one day allow medicine to repair or replace defective genes in a diseased individual might be subverted to introduce pathogenic sequences into healthy individuals. In addition, stealth viruses could be fashioned by a researcher to infect the host but remain silent until activated by some physiological or environmental trigger. New zoonotic agents, referred to by the Jason Group as host-swapping diseases, might be developed specifically for bioweapon purposes by modifying existing pathogens to seek human hosts. Finally, detailed knowledge of biochemical signaling pathways could conceivably be used to create designer diseases. 
The most advanced nucleic acid-based drug to treat dyslipidemias is mipomersen (Toth 2011) , which obtained FDA approval for treatment of patients with homozygous FH in early 2013 (Press Release Sanofi 2013). Mipomersen is an Apo B100 ASO made of 20 2 0 -O-methyl-ethyl-nucleotides. Several clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy of mipomersen to reduce Apo B-100, LDL-C, total cholesterol levels, as well as Lp(a) levels. In healthy volunteers, Apo B-100 and LDL-C levels were reduced by 21% and 34% (Akdim et al. 2010) . Addition of 200 mg mipomersen s.c. once weekly to heterozygous FH patients being treated with the maximal possible statin doses reduced their LDL-C levels further by À28 AE 5.2%, and 49% of treated patients achieved their LDL-C target of 100 mg/ dL (2.6 mM) compared to only 4.9% in the group treated with statins only. Efficacy of mipomersen was better in females than in men (mean LDL-C reduction À40.6% vs À20%). The dropout rate of 10.8% was mainly caused by injection-site reactions, and 4.9% of treated patients showed an increase in liver fat (Stein et al. 2012b ). In patients with homozygous FH treated with the maximally tolerated dose of statins, 200 mg of mipomersen reduced LDL-C by further 24.7% (Raal et al. 2010) . 
'traditional tissues will be excluded from new tissue engineering regulation for no good technical reason' (EC Regulation consultant A-EU2, interview 2004). and 'y the new regulatory track with a separate office and people busy with this is one absolute necessity if Europe doesn't want to be left in the dirty' (Clinician, CL-EU5, interview 2003). 
Nevertheless a principle of 'ethical subsidiarity' (our term), which leaves to national state authorities contentious ethical standpoints vis-a`-vis the acceptability of using particular types of tissue or cell for research or therapeutic purposes, has been espoused by the European Commission. Thus in the arena of social values, in our first track of analysis using pollution ideas we observe increasing stringency in tissue sourcing, and in the second track-the devices of policy formation-we observe tension between technicality and values, and strategies aimed at the partitioning-out of dangerous technology, whether because of evidential uncertainty or ethical standpoints. 
VSDs are far and away the most common congenital anatomic heart defects encountered in camelids. 3, 10, 12, 14 VSDs often occur as isolated abnormalities, but they sometimes represent only one component of a more complex cardiac malformation. Accompanying congenital heart defects identified in camelids complaints for animals with large VSDs include poor growth, increased time spent in recumbency, and exercise intolerance marked by open-mouthed breathing or recumbency after physical exertion. Treatment of camelids with large VSDs and impending or existent heart failure has largely been limited to the administration of diuretics. Should an owner be particularly intent on optimizing care, a variety of VSD occlusion devices, designed for human use, are available. Once clinical disease is present, progression of the clinical signs usually leads to a decision to euthanize within a few months. The heritability of VSDs has not been established in camelids but conscientious breeders should consider this possibility, even when the VSD is small and not otherwise an important health concern. 
Vascular ring anomalies have been reported in both alpacas and llamas. 18, 19 In contrast to other domestic species, the most common abnormality identified is a left aortic arch with either a right ligamentum arteriosum or small right PDA. This anomaly is often accompanied by aberrant origination of the right subclavian artery (Figure 36-15 ). The more familiar right aortic arch with constricting left ligamentum has also been observed. In those cases with a PDA, the size of the shunt was small, and a continuous murmur was only noted in one affected alpaca. Most affected animals presented at ages 3 to TGV has been documented in both llamas and alpacas on multiple occasions, yet this disorder is very uncommon in other domesticated animals. In this condition, the pulmonary artery arises from the left ventricle and the aorta arises from the right ventricle (Figures 36-12 and 36-13) . This anatomic arrangement is not compatible with life unless some of the oxygenated blood returning from the lungs is able to pass from the left to the right side of the heart via an intracardiac communication or from the pulmonary artery to the aorta via a PDA. A variety of other cardiac malformations, including abnormalities of the coronary arteries, may also be identified. Affected individuals are always severely cyanotic at birth, and they usually survive only a short period. Other complex cyanosis-producing cardiac abnormalities, including with swallowed and regurgitated food. On occasion, the development of clinical signs may be delayed until early adulthood. Routine thoracic radiography often demonstrates a dilated esophagus both cranial and caudal to the heart base, sometimes with retained ingesta. It is sometimes possible to 5 months, and the clinical signs were largely attributable to constriction of the esophagus. Dysphagia, abnormal regurgitation, choke, bloat, and failure to thrive are common clinical signs. Cough may also occur as a consequence of tracheobronchitis or pneumonia caused by inoculation of the airways identify a persistent right aortic arch on a dorsoventral thoracic radiograph, but other vascular ring malformations may easily escape detection. Esophagoscopy, contrast esophagography, or fluoroscopy may be performed to confirm the stenotic lesion in the esophagus at the heart base (see Figure 36 -15), but visualization of the vascular malformation responsible for the constriction is best accomplished by using angiography or contrastenhanced computed tomography (CT). Inasmuch as the surgical approach to attempt repair is dependent on the precise nature of the malformation, consideration should be given to sophisticated imaging studies whenever surgical repair is contemplated. Surgical repair has been attempted, but success has been limited, partially because of concurrent aspiration pneumonia. 
Presumptive diagnosis may be reached on identification of cytoplasmic inclusion bodies within neutrophils. These are usually rare, so thorough blood examination is necessary. Blood from the California llama, mentioned above, was also positive on nested PCR for the human and equine pathogens, and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) sequencing confirmed the close relationship, although blood from at least one alpaca with organisms seen on blood smear was negative on PCR. 84 Unfed Ixodes pacificus ticks from the California property were also found to be infected and were the presumptive source of the camelid infection. In other parts of the world, other ixodid ticks are the likely carriers. These ticks feed on most terrestrial vertebrates for each of their three feeding stages, enabling cross-species transmission of pathogens. Deer, rodents, and sheep are all suspected of being reservoir populations for A. phagocytophilum. 
Kobuvirus RNA was detected in 13.1 % (33/251) of the pig fecal samples analyzed using primer pair p110/p290 [28, 29] . Kobuvirus was detected in both Kenya (14.9 %) and Uganda (15.5 %) in equal proportions, and in all four districts sampled (Table 1) , an indication of a general circulation and endemicity of the virus on the tested farms. Among the age groups, younger piglets shed more virus than older pigs, and a higher incidence (15 of 90, 16.7 %) of kobuvirus was reported in post-weaning (3-month-old) piglets compared to nursing piglets (6 of 41, 14.6 %) and grower pigs (12 of 120, 10 %). This could possibly be due to an inefficient immune response, diminishing maternal immunity post-weaning, or other intrinsic age-related factors. Higher rates of infection in young piglets has also been reported in other studies [3, 13, 14] . Based on management systems in the study area, confinement of pigs presented a higher risk of kobuvirus infection, with housed pigs shedding more virus than free-ranging pigs (Table 1 ). This could be the result of viral accumulation in the pig houses or the places where pigs are tethered. Additionally, kobuvirus was more prevalent in the farms with larger herd size (>10 pigs, 20 %) than farms with small herds (<10 pigs, 12.6 %). 
A vaccine is available for individuals at high risk for exposure and for the military. 
Other patients (a fifth diagnostic category [V]) have a deficiency of one of the 3 major IgG subclasses, IgG1, IgG2, or IgG3. IgG4 deficiency is common and should not be considered an abnormality [99] . Although a deficiency of one of the major IgG subclasses indicates some immunologic deviation, most of these patients have a normal total IgG level, intact responses to specific antigens, and are not candidates for immunoglobulin replacement therapy. Those with impaired antibody specificity do not fall in to this category, but into the third category. However, even without impairment in antibody quality, immunoglobulin replacement in some patients in a deficiency subclass does reduce the incidence of infections [122, 123] . Nevertheless, most insurers in the United States have additional criteria for justifying therapy in patients with IgG in deficiency subclasses. 
Anticoagulant rodenticide poisoning has emerged as a significant concern for conservation and management of nontarget wildlife, including mustelids. In a study in California (US), 46 of 58 (79%) tested free-ranging fishers were positive for anticoagulants, and 96% had been exposed to one or more second-generation anticoagulant compounds . Fisher deaths, including a lactating female, were directly attributed to anticoagulant toxicosis, and transplacental and/or lactational transfer was demonstrated in a fisher kit. At necropsy, affected animals were in variable nutritional condition with multifocal areas of hemorrhage and/or frank blood within the thoracic and abdominal cavities. Anticoagulant exposure and/or poisoning has also been reported in free-ranging European and American mink and European otters in France, skunks from New York, stoats and weasels in New Zealand, and badgers from California (Alterio, 1996; Fournier-Chambillon et al., 2014; Quinn et al., 2012; Stone et al., 1999) . 
In contrast to traditional live and killed virus vaccines and subunit vaccines, many newer vaccine platforms are characterized by more easily alterable target antigens. Of these, DNA vaccines may be the most mutable and able to meet rapid timelines required to respond to new emerging threats. Other rapidly ''tunable" systems include protein based systems that generate include virus like particles (VLPs), chimeric live viruses, and RNA vaccines. Each will be discussed briefly with regard to speed and technical barriers to adaption to new threats and are summarized in Table 2 . 
The ability for the SARS coronavirus to survive in the air significantly depends on the surroundings. However, if virus was contained in a protein environment such as saliva or respiratory secretion, its survival time will become much longer [32] . As is well known, the phlegm or saliva consists of a lot of protein and nutrimental substance. One of the reasons for the SARS coronavirus to live longer in such situations is perhaps because these compounds tend to maintain large activation energy E a or a low frequency factor P. As predicted in Fig. 6 , if only these two parameters change a little, they will be significant enough to induce a variation in orders of the survival time of the SARS coronavirus. 
Since reagents for the assessment of the cellular immune response in ferrets are not commercially available, we set out to obtain the sequences of a ferret cytokine panel including those reflecting early innate immune response activation, tumor necrosis factor (TNF) α, interferon (IFN) α, and interleukin (IL) 6, those indicating Th1 polarization, IFNγ, IL2, and IL12p40, and the Th2 cytokines IL4 and IL10. As mustelids, ferrets are most closely related to other carnivores like dogs and cats (McKenna and Bell, 1997) . The first set of primers was therefore based on canine and feline sequences available in GenBank. We initially obtained small fragments of ferret IFNα, IFNγ, IL2, IL4, IL6, and TNFα and used those sequences to measure cytokine mRNA induction using a gel-based assay . To develop a robust and versatile realtime PCR-based assay that generates a representative cytokine profile, we included IL10 and IL12p40 and pursued the sequencing of larger parts of the open reading frames. This strategy has so far yielded complete open reading frames for IL2, IL4, IL6, IFNα (consensus sequence), and TNFα (GenBank accession nos. IL2 EF368206; IL4 EF368210; IL6 EF368209; IFNα EF368207; TNFα EF368211) and partial gene sequences for IL10 and IFNγ (> 95) and IL12p40 (∼ 60%; GenBank accession nos. IL10 EF368212; IFNγ EF368214; IL12p40 EF368213). When comparing the ferret cytokines with the respective canine and feline proteins, we observed a slightly higher overall amino acid identity between ferrets and dogs than between ferrets and cats (Table 1) . This degree of similarity on the amino acid and nucleotide level (data not shown) confirms the identity of the obtained sequences. 
The striking lack of any cytokine response in animals infected with a lethal virus as early as 3 d.p.i. indicates a viral interference with immune system activation at a time when the infection in PBMCs is barely detectable. In vitro, it has been demonstrated that minute amounts of MV envelope are suffice to induce an anergic state in exposed lymphocytes, but the exact interactions remain to be elucidated (Schlender et al., 1996) . In addition, the non-essential protein V has been shown to inhibit activation of an anti-viral response by interfering with nuclear localization of STATs (Devaux et al., in press; Palosaari et al., 2003) . It is possible that the shutdown of cytokine expression observed for the lethal CDV strains results from contacts between viral glycoproteins and immune cells in combination with a V and phosphoprotein-dependent inhibition of the induction of the anti-viral state in infected cells. Taken together our findings demonstrate that the disease outcome is decided within the first days of infection. 
When blood loss occurs during surgery, there is loss of intravascular volume and reduction in oxygen-carrying capacity because of the loss of Hb. 
Present cell salvage technology requires specially trained personnel to operate the equipment. These individuals should be free from other activities during processing. Consequently, someone other than the anesthesiologist caring for the patient should receive this responsibility. 
In contrast to homologous blood donation, a history of malignancy does not contraindicate PABD. 
By predicting the peptides that may bind to MHC-II molecules, we could drastically reduce the number of experiments required to identifying potential CD4+ T cell epitopes. Therefore, it could accelerate the discovery of new vaccine candidates. The MHC II presents peptides derived from endocytosed proteins to helper CD4+ T lymphocytes (HTLs), which stimulate cellular and humoral immunity against pathogens. 54 The surface proteins are generally the primary targets for antibody-based vaccines, since they are exposed and in direct contact with the immune system. Thus, we next focused in the analysis of T. cruzi surface proteins and prediction of MHC II presentation. Although the centrifugation is not a high-performance separation technique, as expected we noticed a two-to three-fold enrichment of the surface proteins in the insoluble protein fraction (Table 1) . A total of 208 (14.4%) protein groups (1,087 individual proteins, 17.7%) were annotated as surface proteins. The identified surface protein families were TS/gp85 (140 protein groups, 789 proteins), MASP (37 protein groups, 136 proteins), mucin TcMUC II (12 protein groups, 42 proteins), gp63 (11 protein groups, 83 proteins), TolT (4 protein groups, 16 proteins), mucin-like (3 protein groups, 12 proteins), and YASP (recently renamed as TcTASV, for T. cruzi trypomastigote, alanine, serine and valine-rich proteins) 55 (1 protein group, 5 proteins) ( Table 2 and Tables S1-3) . Interestingly, we found a high number of MASP and TcMUC II mucin sequences. These proteins are difficult to be studied by conventional proteomic analysis, since they are likely to be highly glycosylated and several of their genes seem to be expressed at the same time, decreasing the stoichiometry of individual proteins. 16, 18, 56 Thus, it is possible that the number of expressed MASPs and TcMUC II mucins, found in our study, is still underestimated. 
Only a few representatives of this virus family, mostly of the genus Enterovirus, have been analyzed regarding the question how Picornaviruses modulate membrane homeostasis. Today, PV is probably one of the best-studied human viruses and indeed the earliest electron microscopy images depicting membrane alterations caused by viral infection were taken from PV-infected cells (Dales et al., 1965; Kallman et al., 1958) . Later studies on the ultrastructure of PV replication complexes revealed occurrence of either SMVs (Bienz et al., 1980 (Bienz et al., , 1983 or DMVs (Schlegel et al., 1996) , but a more recent study demonstrated that indeed both structures appeared in infected cells in a time-dependent manner (Belov et al., 2012) . First membrane alterations occur 2-3 h after PV infection and were observed as elongated tubular SMVs originating from positive curvature of cellular membranes. These membrane structures were probably arising from Golgi membranes as several studies suggested (Bienz et al., 1983; Belov et al., 2012; Hsu et al., 2010) . The Golgi origin was confirmed by the sensitivity of PV replication to brefeldin A (Irurzun et al., 1992; Maynell et al., 1992) . However, fractionation analyses revealed that the replication complexes were associated with various other organelle membranes as well, arguing for different membrane sources used by the virus (Schlegel et al., 1996) . After 4 h, first DMVs of about 100-300 nm in diameter were visible and their number increased during the course of infection, while at the same time the SMVs disappeared (Belov et al., 2012) . This conversion from SMVs to DMVs probably occurs through membrane wrapping and might be due to autophagic processes (Belov et al., 2012; Limpens et al., 2011; Suhy et al., 2000) . Thus, the formation of replication vesicles seems to be a multi-step process originating from single membrane compartments to formation of DMVs. Despite the presence of dsRNA and viral proteins on both single membrane and double membrane compartments, RNA replication correlates best with the emergence of SMVs (Belov et al., 2012) . Therefore, the function of DMVs for PV is not clear, but it has been suggested that DMVs play a role in virion maturation and the non-lytic release of progeny virus (Kirkegaard and Jackson, 2005; Richards and Jackson, 2012) . Thus, PV might be able to control different steps of its life cycle by modulating the membranes of the replication complexes to either favor replication or assembly and release of virions. 
Since N proteins of PRRSV, EAV, and LDV all localize to the nucleus and nucleolus, the nuclear role of N during infection is of major interest. The core protein of hepatitis C virus is believed to modify cellular function by preventing translocation of host cell proteins to the nucleus [12, 34] , and the N protein of TGEV has been suggested to play a role in the disruption of cell division [40] . For PRRSV N, disruption of NLS does not affect virus replication in cell culture, but in pigs, NLS-null viruses are attenuated in their virulence [14, 21] . The NLS motif of PRRSV N was associated with strong selective pressure for reacquisition of the nuclear function in vivo, suggesting the involvement of N nuclear localization in viral pathogenesis. N proteins of several member viruses in the order Nidovirales colocalize and interact with fibrillarin and nucleolin in the nucleolus, supporting the hypothesis that N modulates host-cell ribosomal biogenesis and cell cycle progression [5, 11] . In summary, we show that LDV-N contains a functional 'pat-4'-type NLS at positions 38-41 and localizes in the nucleolus of cell via the importin-mediated pathway. The nuclear localization of the capsid protein may be a common feature of members of the family Arteriviridae and may play a common role for replication and pathogenesis of this group of viruses.  
Fairly recently, the National Multiple Sclerosis Society organised an international paediatric MS study group (Study Group) to set diagnostic criteria. 8 Similarly, standard criteria were developed by the Brighton Collaboration Encephalitis Working Group around the same time in an effort to improve comparability of vaccine safety data. 1 Within the definition proposed by the Study Group, the diagnosis of ADEM requires a first clinical event, acute or subacute in nature, of both polysymptomatic encephalopathy and focal or multifocal involvement predominantly affecting the CNS white matter. The requisite inclusion of encephalopathy, although overly restrictive, was performed to increase diagnostic specificity and helps differentiate ADEM from MS. A number of other clinical features, laboratory test findings and MRI findings also serve as diagnostic criteria. 2 8 While a viral infection often precedes ADEM, documentation of an antecedent infection and isolation of an infectious agent are not requirements for diagnosis. 8  
It has been known since the 1970s that IBDV infection in chicks younger than 3 weeks of age causes severe damage to the bursa of Fabricius with depletion of B cells expressing surface immunoglobulin (Ig)M affecting mostly primary antibody responses. Infection, especially at 1 day of age, also results in a significant decrease of surface Ig-expressing B cells in spleen and peripheral blood lymphocytes but does not affect circulating CD4 § and CD8 § T cells (Hirai et al., 1981; Rodenberg et al., 1994) . The damage to the bursa is transient, follicles become repopulated with lymphocytes and tissue architecture is restored, but primary antibody responses remain depressed until at least 7 weeks post-infection (pi), but ultimately also recover. The duration of the recovery process depends on the age of infection and the virulence of the strain (Vervelde and Davison, 1997; Kim et al., 1999) . Recently, Withers et al. (2005 described two t~cpes of follicles emerging after recovery from IBDV infection in neonatal chicks: small follicles lacking a distinct cortex and medulla and large follicles with rapidly proliferating B cells and a normal structure. B cells in the large follicles were still capable of undergoing gene conversion and may have been derived from small numbers of surviving bursal stem cells. In contrast, the B cells in the small follicles were considered to be derived from more mature B cells that had already undergone gene conversion. These data suggest that the ability to recover from IBDV-induced suppression of antibody production and diversity is based on the proportion of small versus large follicles developing after infection. 
There has recently been considerable study of the mechanism by which paramyxoviruses modulate IFN I, demonstrating the importance of the V proteins in blocking IFN induction and signalling (Horvath, 2004) . These proteins are expressed following RNA editing of the mRNA that encodes P protein. Due to the lack of reagents for the avian IFN I system, this work has barely extended to avian paramyxoviruses. The likely role of the NDV V protein has, however, been demonstrated using genetically modified viruses (Park et al., 2003a) . Thus mutant viruses, defective for V protein expression (V-NDV), replicate poorly in embryonated eggs and chicken embryo fibroblasts. This defect can be complemented by transfection of a plasmid expressing cDNA encoding the V protein into V-NDV-infected cells (Park et al., 2003b) or by insertion of the influenza virus NS1 gene into the V-NDV. The NS1 gene allows the modified NDV to replicate better in human cells than does the parental NDV, suggesting the NDV V protein is more effective in modulating the chicken IFN system than the mammalian IFN system (unlike influenza NS1 which modulates both systems effectively). These differences are likely to be important for the host range specificities of the two viruses. IFN-sensitive NDV can also be rescued by transfection of a plasmid expressing cDNA encoding NDV V protein (Park et al., 2003b) . Although all examined V proteins of mammalian paramyxoviruses appear to be involved in modulating the mammalian IFN response, the actual detailed mechanism by which they do so varies from virus to virus. Elucidation of the mode of action of the NDV V protein will, therefore, require the availability of a full panoply of reagents specific for the avian IFN I system. 
It is clear that dsRNA is a powerful inducer of the antiviral type I IFN system. Although the positive-strand RNA viruses, and even poxviruses, generate some dsRNA during their replication and transcription, the dsRNA viruses must be able to prevent recognition of their dsRNA genome by the cell. This is probably largely achieved by ensuring that the genome is never exposed outside of the capsid within the cytoplasm. However, the avian reoviruses, in common with mammalian reoviruses, appear to encode a dsRNA-binding protein aA that can mask dsRNA from cellular dsRNA binding proteins such as the dsRNA-dependent protein kinase PKR. Thus aA functions like poxvirus E3, and can actually replace E3 in Vaccinia virus (Gonzalez-Lopez et al., 2003) . 
The length of CCoV shedding as well as the antibody levels detected by VN and by ELISA tests after vaccination showed statistically significant differences between groups A and B. The P-value of the Mann-Whitney U-test was 0.029 for all comparisons. Statistically significant differences were observed after CCoV challenge, between groups A and B, regarding the length of CCoV shedding, as detected by VI and by PCR, and in regarding the VN antibody titers (the P-value of the Mann-Whitney U-test was 0.029 in all cases). 
It should be stressed that no CCoV shedding, after challenge, was observed by either VI or PCR in the dogs vaccinated by oronasal route (group B). 
A strength of this study is its use of a cohort of case-patients particularly well-suited for investigation of potential host genetic risk factors-these case-patients died with active infl uenza infections, yet were predominantly children and young adults without severe preexisting medical conditions. In such a group, other factors associated with severe infl uenza are less likely to obscure possible genetic associations. An additional strength was access to postmortem lung tissue for immunohistochemistry and/or RT-PCR confi rmation of infl uenza infection. 
In mice, four isoforms of CEACAM1 generated by alternative mRNA splicing have either two [D1,D4] or four [D1±D4] Ig-like domains on the cell surface, a transmembrane segment and either a short or a long cytoplasmic tail . The long tail contains a modi®ed immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibition motif (ITIM)-like motif. Tyrosine phosphorylation of this motif is associated with signaling (Huber et al., 1999) , but the natural ligands for the ecto-domain and the modulation of gene expression by CEACAM1 signaling are not well understood. 
The msCEACAM1a[1,4] structure was solved using the MAD phases in combination with MR. Using programs in the CCP4 suite (CCP4, 1994), we located one platinum binding site in one asymmetric unit in both difference and anomalous difference Patterson maps. Heavy atom parameters were re®ned at 4 A Ê resolution with the program MLPHARE in the CCP4 suite, and an additional platinum site was identi®ed. Phase extension was performed using the native data set to 3.32 A Ê by solvent attening and histogram matching with DM. The resulting phases were used to carry out a phased molecular replacement with ROTPTF on the Bronx X-ray server for the two separate domains. The N-terminal domains of human CD2 (PDB code 1HNF) and Fc-g receptor III (PDB code 1E4J) were used as search models for the D1 and D4 domains of msCEACAM1a [1, 4] , respectively. The model was traced with XtalView (http://www.scripps.edu/pub/dem-web/) on the basis of the MAD phases, using the MR solutions as a guideline. After cycles of model building using program O (Jones et al., 1991) and re®nement, the ®nal model was re®ned at 3.32 A Ê resolution to an R free factor of 32.9% and R work of 29.5% (Table I) using X-PLOR (Bru Ènger, 1992) . At 1.5s contour level (s = 0.125 e/A Ê 3 ) in the 2F o ± F c map, there was continuous density for the main chain backbone. The ®nal model contains 202 residues (from Glu1 to Pro202) of msCEACAM1a plus one amino acid (Ser) from the cloning construct and a total of six sugar residues associated with four of the ®ve potential glycosylation sites. There was no interpretable electron density beyond residue Ser203, where 13 residues, including an inserted Arg204, a thrombin cleavage site and a His 6 tag are present in the expression construct. These C-terminal residues are apparently disordered. The current model also includes a total of 26 water molecules. The coordinates have been deposited in the PDB data bank under the accession code 1L67. 
No conflicts of interest to declare.  
Diagnosis of egg-related coelomitis is based on typical clinical signs and radiographic images. Endoscopy is possible but may be hampered or risky owing to coelomic fluid and limited air sac space. Radiographically, a large variety of findings can be observed such as the ground-glass appearance of coelomic fluid, multiple or singleshelled or shell-less eggs inside or outside the oviduct, herniation of the abdominal musculature or an expanded coelomic wall, thickened air sacs, and masses in the caudal thoracic and abdominal air sac area. Lateral and ventrodorsal radiographic images taken with the patient under general anesthesia are recommended (Fig. 3 ). If the goal of radiographic imaging is simply to determine if an egg (or eggs) is present or not, then having the bird remain in a standing position for the procedure is adequate (Figs. 4 and 5). A lateral beam across the table is used for a standing lateral view. Fluid obtained for analysis by coelomocentesis may be helpful and can also be used for bacterial culture. Ultrasonograpy can be used to determine if the eggs are free within the coelomic cavity or positioned in the oviduct (Fig. 6) . A complete blood count and plasma chemistry profile, including total and ionized calcium, can be performed to determine the degree of infection or inflammation, amount of dehydration, liver or kidney disease, and/or calcium status. 
Live-cell tracking of Rab5 (early endosome marker) and Rab7 (late endosome marker) shows that early endosomes consist of two populations: a dynamic population that rapidly matures into late endosomes and a static population with much slower kinetics. Interestingly, IAV and other degradative cargoes, primarily sort into the dynamic population of early endosomes, while recycling cargoes such as Tfn non-discriminately sort into both populations. The study revealed that sorting signals can come from the plasma membrane rather than beginning at the early endosomes. Furthermore, tracking IAV within the dynamic population revealed that viral fusion occurs within Rab5+ and Rab7+ endosomes [68] , which is different from DenV, a virus that primarily fuses within Rab7+ late endosomes [38] . Recent studies have also defined macropinocytosis as an important entry pathway for IAV [47 ] . For this pathway, it remains unclear whether IAV can undergo fusion directly within macropinosomes, or whether IAV in macropinosomes eventually are sorted into degradative, low pH endosomal compartments for uncoating. 
Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a novel disease entity caused by SARS-CoV-2 that recently spread throughout Europe. The disease appears to be mild in the majority of patients, however, a subset (about 15%) of affected individuals can develop a severe disease with respiratory insufficiency, that may require non-invasive or invasive ventilation and intensive care (1). Elderly individuals and patients with co-morbidities are at higher risk of developing a severe or fatal phenotype of the disease (2). Immunosuppressed patients might be more susceptible to COVID-19 complications due to the absence of a prompt immunological response able to clear the virus. 
The flow boundary conditions at the mouth and nose of the source manikin were different depending on whether he/she was breathing or coughing. In our simulation, the coughing airflow came from source manikin's mouth; the airflow from source manikin's nose was 0 during coughing. After coughing, the source manikin breathed with nose and the airflow rate from mouth was 0. The susceptible manikin breathed with nose during all simulating time and the airflow rate from his/her mouth was 0. The boundary conditions of the exhalation at source manikin and susceptible manikin's Fig. 1 The comparison of the predicted vertical position of the droplets with the experimental data by Chao and Wan (2006) mouth and nose were specified according to the study of Gupta et al. (2009 Gupta et al. ( , 2010 . Droplets were composed of organic ions, aqueous solution containing inorganic and glycoproteins. 
During the study period, the reported influenza cases included influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 as the predominant circulating subtype with 1666 cases (58.5%), followed by influenza A(H3N2) with 671 cases (23.6%), influenza A(H5N1) with 1 case (0.04%) and 511 influenza A cases (17.9%) that were not-subtyped (Table 2) ; while 1146 cases of influenza B were reported during the same period in the Eastern Mediterranean Region. The distribution of SARI cases by epidemiological week and year is presented in (Fig. 2a and b) (Fig. 3) , mixed infections and other respiratory infections, including Middle East respiratory syndrome, are also reported to the regional platform by 6 countries of the Region. 
For a successful delivery of fluorophore into a cell, broadly two types of cellular environments-intracellular and extracellular are available. The major confrontations to overcome lies in optimized intracellular delivery of fluorophores, the perfect labeling of target biomolecule and negligible cytotoxicity. Due to smaller size of organic fluorophores there is least spatial hindrance to impede with functioning of target biomolecule. Therefore, this opportunity has been explored by attaching many fluorescent probes with a single target biomolecule in order to gather maximum fluorescence signal. Because of high label densities the strong electrostatic repulsion between neighboring molecules, the dye structural conformation and hydrophilicity altogether can cause fluorescence quenching [5] [6] [7] and may also affect functioning of the biomolecule [8] . 
This technique sees the tracking down of unimolecular protein translocations. It harvests the dual only fluorescent behavior (both poor and bright fluorescence in molecules or organelles) and uses automated software to track visualizations in the form of single videos. In the macromolecular structures of filamentous protein aggregates like actins and microtubules, upon fluorescent tagging the whole protein turnover processing is echoed by dynamic translocation of fluorescent patches. QDs were conjugated with EGF that resulted in specific co-localization with ErbB1-GFP chimeric receptor [61] . It was revealed that against activated ErbB1, Cy5-conjugated antibodies determined the activation of the receptor. Colocalization of transferrin labeled with Alexa fluor revealed that the complex internalization was a clathrin dependent phe- Fig. 8 . Showing the process of photoactivation, in which intense illumination causes the quenching of a fluorescent protein, changing its spectrum. This is followed by movement of fluorophores towards each other. nomenon. By utilizing, distinctly synthesized EGF-QD, it was found that receptor oligomerization lead to retrograde transportation of receptor bounded single EGF-QD. It was furthermore revealed by the novel phenomenon of fluorescent recovery after photo bleaching (FRAP) that both actin flow and retrograde receptor transport occurred simultaneously (Fig. 9 ). With the use of biotin Alexa, the specific quenching of EGF-QDs revealed that receptor internalization occurred at cell body and not on filopodia. Henceforth, the involvement of filopodia to transport the activated receptors to cell body is brightly persuasive. 
Increases in EBV viral load may be detected in patients before the development of EBV-associated PTLD [99] [100] [101] [102] ); viral loads typically decrease with effective therapy. Whereas a high EBV DNA viral load is a strong predictor for the development of PTLD, low-level EBV viral load occurs relatively frequently and may resolve without intervention. 103, 104 To complicate the matter, some pediatric liver and heart transplant recipients may exhibit chronic high EBV viral loads. 105, 106 Available assays lack standardization, and the optimal assay technique, sample type (ie, whole blood, lymphocytes, plasma), and sampling schedule are not defined. Nevertheless, EBV viral load assays are generally sensitive, specific, precise, linear across a wide dynamic range, rapid, reasonably inexpensive, and, overall, useful in patient care. 107 Although there are no defined "trigger points" predictive of PTLD, persistently detectable concentrations of EBV DNA by PCR (cutoffs vary between programs) typically result in a thorough evaluation for PTLD (eg, computed tomography of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis). 
Screening for cervical cancer with cytology testing has been very effective in reducing cervical cancer in the United States. For many years, the approach was an annual Pap test. In 2000 the Hybrid Capture 2 (HC2) test (Qiagen/ Digene) for detection of HR HPV types was approved by the FDA for screening women who had ASCUS detected by the Pap test to determine the need for colposcopy. At the time, the Hybrid Capture 2 test was the only FDA-approved test available. In 2003, the FDA approved expanding the use of this test to include screening preformed in conjunction with a Pap test for women over the age of 30 years, referred to as "co-testing." Co-testing allows women to extend the testing interval to 5 years if both test results are negative. 160 In 2014, the FDA approved the use of an HR HPV test (cobas HPV test, Roche) for primary cervical cancer screening for women older than the age of 25 years, without the need for a concomitant Pap test. When using the HR HPV test as the primary screening test, a Pap test is performed only when specific HR HPV types are detected (HPV-16 and -18 are excluded). Colposcopy is performed without an intervening Pap test in women who test positive for HPV-16 and -18. This algorithm was based primarily on the results of a single large FDA registration study for the cobas HPV test. 161 Interim clinical guidance is available for the use of primary HR HPV testing in cervical cancer screening. 162 However, there is still considerable debate about whether co-testing or HR HPV as a primary screening test is the optimal approach for cervical cancer screening. 163 Four tests for the detection of HR HPV types have been cleared by the FDA for use in the United States: HC2 test, Cervista HPV HR (Hologic/Gen-Probe), cobas HPV test (Roche), and Aptima HPV test (Hologic/Gen-Probe). In addition, two different FDA-cleared tests to specifically identify HPV types 16 and 18 (Cervista) and types 16 and 18/45 (Aptima) are available. The features of these tests are compared in Table 5 .4. All of these tests have been cleared by the FDA for use with ThinPrep PreservCyt liquid-based cytology medium (Hologic) but not with the other commonly used SurePath medium (Becton-Dickinson). 
The cobas HPV Test is the first real-time PCR method approved by the FDA for cervical cancer screening. 161 It uses a multiplexed primer and hydrolysis probe assay to individually detect both HPV types 16 and 18 simultaneously with the 12 other HR HPV types using different fluorescently labeled probes. The assay includes detection of the human b-globin gene as an internal control for extraction and amplification adequacy. The cobas 4800 system uses automated bead-based NA extraction and PCR assembly. The sensitivity and specificity is similar to the HC2 and Cervista HR HPV assays. Currently, this is the only FDA-cleared test that has an indication for primary screening. 
Resistance to TYLCV Brunetti et al. (1997) , Antignus et al. (2004) , Yang et al. (2004) , Fuentes et al. (2006) TLCV Rep Replicase -tomato leaf curl virus (TLCV) Resistance to TLCV Praveen et al. (2005) TLCV CP TLCV coat protein Variable resistance to TLCV Raj et al. (2005) TSWV N Tomato spotted wilt virus (TSWV) nucleoprotein Resistance to TSWV Kim et al. (1994) , Ultzen et al. (1995) N Gene from Nicotiana tabacum 
f ðĀÞ ¼fðĀÞ and f(@A) = @f(A), the number of components of 
Various factors contribute to the development of infectious diseases transmitted through water: hygiene, water quality, asymptomatic carriage of pathogenic bacteria, and food storage conditions. Water-associated diseases are less often observed due to improved water supply or disposal of wastewater. Furthermore, Saudi Arabia does not allow pilgrims to bring food and insists that they do not consume food from street vendors who officiate near the holy places. 
Seasonal influenza vaccination is recommended for international pilgrims before arrival and for internal pilgrims, particularly those at increased risk of severe influenza diseases including pregnant women, children aged < 5 years, the elderly, and individuals presenting with underlying health conditions such as HIV infection and chronic heart or lung disease. Vaccination is also recommended for all healthcare workers in the Hajj premises [59] [60] [61] . 
Yet another important issue in relation to disease control is to study the transmission mechanism of the disease by means of modelling (Riley, Fraser, & Donnelly, 2003) . The results of modelling the transmission mechanisms are not only crucial to controlling and/or containing the disease outbreak, but also the hospital resource allocation and economic impact of the regions under threat by the disease (WHO, 2003a,b) . Those data are very useful for referencing by neighbouring regions or distant regions for reallocating resource and planning for appropriate control policies in advance (WHO, 2003a) . 
In recent years industry has focussed largely on media optimisation, especially in cell cultures. There was indeed an interest in decreasing the variability induced by the use of natural substances, but the effect of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) has certainly played a role in such an effort towards fully defined media. 
Following entry by clathrin-mediated or alternative pathways, viral particles are delivered to early endosomes. Viruses may penetrate from this compartment, or be transported to late endosomes. The risk for a virus that is entering by this route is to be transported to lysosomes, the degradative compartment normally targeted by the endocytic pathway. To avoid lysosomal delivery, viruses that enter by this endocytic route have evolved mechanisms of penetration adapted to the environment of endosomes. Many viruses are activated by acidic endosomal pH, and the threshold of pH for activation usually matches the pH values of early or late endosomes. The endosomal compartment where the fusion occurs may be experimentally characterized with the GTPases Rab5 and Rab7. Rab family members are small Ras-like GTPases, which regulate membrane traYc events in the endocytic and secretory pathways. Overexpression of a dominantnegative form of Rab5, which controls entry into early endosomes, decreases the uptake of adenovirus (Rauma et al., 1999) , rhinovirus (Snyers et al., 2003) , influenza virus, Semliki forest virus, and VSV . Influenza virus is also sensitive to a dominant-negative form of Rab7, which controls the transport to late endosomes . In contrast, Semliki forest virus and VSV are not aVected. These observations indicate that influenza virus must reach late endosomes before being activated for fusion, and that it transits in early endosomes on route to late endosomes, whereas Semliki forest virus and VSV can fusion from within early endosomes. This is consistent with the threshold pH for the activation of influenza virus fusion protein, which is about 5.0-5.5 (White et al., 1981) , and is in the range of pH that is found in late but not in early endosomes. For Semliki forest virus and VSV, the fusion is induced at slightly higher pH, 6.0 and 6.1, respectively (White et al., 1981) , which fit with the pH of early endosomes. 
Position g Mutants of the GCN4 Leucine Zipper The extensively investigated GCN4 leucine zipper has provided a key model system for analysis of the hydrophobic heptad repeat pattern and structural selectivity in coiled coils (Harbury et al., 1993; O'Shea et al., 1991) . The apolar interface of the parent doublestranded coiled coil is formed by interhelical association in a parallel orientation between residues at the a and d positions (O'Shea et al., 1991) . Electrostatic interactions between oppositely charged amino acid residues at the e and g positions of different helices also can contribute to dimerization specificity (Kohn et al., 1998; O'Shea et al., 1992 O'Shea et al., , 1993 . The recombinant leucine zipper peptide GCN4-pR includes four g positions: Lys9, Lys16, Glu23, and Leu30 ( Figure 1 ). To investigate the effect of a 3-3-1 hydrophobic residue repeat on helix association and interface specificity, we simultaneously mutated Lys9, Lys16, and Glu23 of GCN4-pR to the small aliphatic amino acids alanine and valine. The resulting mutants were designated GCN4-pA and GCN4-pV, respectively. These leucine zipper peptides were expressed in Escherichia coli and purified by reverse-phase HPLC. 
Mice were weighed and then euthanized at the indicated time points postinfection by cardiac puncture (to obtain plasma for inflammatory cytokine detection) followed by cervical dislocation. Thymus and spleen were harvested and processed in PBS. Following lysis of RBC, cells were washed in PBS and counted. 
Previous studies assessing the extent to which journals adhere to the suggested guidelines have generally found poor compliance, but there have been improvements over time (table 1) . [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] These studies have largely focused on reporting of ethical protection either exclusively in clinical trials or in single specialties or patient populations. It is, however, important and indeed a requirement of most biomedical journals, that authors of all investigations on human participants state whether the study was approved by an ethics committee and how consent was obtained. Following on from the work of Ruiz-Canela et al 6 and Yank and Rennie, 10 we assessed the reporting of ethical approval and patient consent in five top general medical journals in 2003, by study design. All of these journals have signed up to the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors requirements for ethical protection and explicitly state in their guidance to authors that both ethical approval and consent should be reported. 
Although the effects of these human-caused changes on the emergence of infectious diseases are known in principle, surprisingly little attention has been given in the scientific literature to the association between the emergence of the diseases described above and potential underlying factors. For example, the emergence in humans of SARS-CoV infection could be associated with changes in the scale of the exotic meat trade (both from farmed and wild-caught animals) in recent years. Likewise, the repeated emergence of highly pathogenic avian influenza in humans in Hong Kong could be related to the rapid growth of the poultry industry in China -160% for chickens and 190% for ducks -between 1991 and 2001 [40] . The recent outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza in the Netherlands might also be associated with the rapid increase in the number of free-range chickens, from 0 in 1991 to 305 000 in 2001 (data from Statistics Netherlands [41] ); there is an association between the presence of free-range poultry farms and highly pathogenic avian influenza outbreaks in North America and the UK [42] . Furthermore, outbreaks of Ebola virus infection in humans and great apes in western equatorial Africa could have resulted from the rapid expansion of mechanized logging and bushmeat trade in that area [35 ] . 
J.F.-W.C. has received travel grants from Pfizer Corporation Hong Kong and Astellas Pharma Hong Kong Corporation Limited, and was an invited speaker for Gilead Sciences Hong Kong Limited and Luminex Corporation. The other authors declared no conflict of interests. The funding sources had no role in study design, data collection, analysis or interpretation or writing of the report. The corresponding authors had full access to all the data in the study and had final responsibility for the decision to submit for publication. 
The major blood test abnormality is leukocytosis (typically 15,000 to 30,000 per mm 3 ) with a leftward shift. Leukopenia can occur and generally is associated with a poor prognosis. 
Because the early administration of therapy is important for the outcome of CAP, an attempt to obtain expectorated sputum should never delay prompt initiation of antimicrobial therapy. 
In a study of 22 children undergoing mastoidectomy for chronic mastoiditis (78) , anaerobes were isolated alone or in combination with aerobes in 21 (95%). An average of 3.5 organisms per specimen (2.2 anaerobes and 1.3 aerobes) were isolated; the most prevalent organisms were Bacteroides spp. (including B. fragilis and B. melaninogenicus groups), S. aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and E. coli. Antibiotics effective against a polymicrobial flora can provide effective therapy in chronic otitis media. Further studies are needed to define the optimal antibiotic and surgical treatment. 
In simple infection models, the susceptible proportion s * in endemic equilibrium is related to the basic reproduction number R 0 by s * = 1/R 0 . We investigate the extent to which this relationship remains valid under more realistic modelling assumptions. In particular, we relax the biologically implausible assumptions that individuals' lifetimes and infectious periods follow exponential distributions; allow a general recruitment process; allow for multiple stages of infection; and consider extension to a multigroup model in which the groups may represent, for instance, spatial heterogeneity, or the existence of super-spreaders. For a homogeneous population, we find that: (i) the susceptible proportion is s * = 1/R e 0 , where R e 0 is a modified reproduction number, equal to R 0 only in certain circumstances; (ii) the proportions of the population in each stage of infection are proportional to the expected time spent by an infected individual in that stage before recovery or death. We demonstrate robustness of the formula s * = 1/R 0 for many human infections by noting conditions under which R e 0 is approximately equal to R 0 , while pointing out other circumstances under which this approximation fails. For heterogeneous populations, the formula s * = 1/R 0 does not hold in general, but we are able to exhibit symmetry conditions under which it is valid. 
Denote by s * g the susceptible proportion of group g in endemic equilibrium, and by i ( j) * g the proportion of group g in infected stage j. 
and high mortality rates, especially in patients with co-morbidities. MERS-CoV is endemic throughout the Arabian Peninsula, 4 although Saudi Arabia appears to bear the majority of reported cases. MERS-CoV cases have been reported in travellers to the Middle East returning to Europe, North Africa, North America, and Asia. 3, [5] [6] [7] Whilst primary transmission of MERS-CoV appears to be from camels, evidence of person-to-person and nosocomial transmission of MERS-CoV is well documented. 8, 9 The largest outbreak of MERS-CoV outside the Middle East occurred in South Korea in 2015 and was attributed to poor hospital infection control measures. 9 This outbreak only serves to highlight the continued threat of this novel virus to global health security and calls for all health systems to have proactive MERS-CoV surveillance and screening systems in place for ill returning travellers from the Middle East. 
Kinki Univeristy School of Medicine, Osaka, Japan 
Modeling GBS from man to mouse: How pathology informs pathogenesis incidence of ∼1.5/10 5 . Onset can be rapid, leading to total paralysis within 48 h. The patients left severely disabled or dead represent a major social and economic burden. Recent clinical-serological studies have identified serum anti-ganglioside antibodies in GBS cases and chronic neuropathies. Gangliosides are sialic acid-containing glycosphingolipids highly enriched in the nervous system. Anti-GM1 and -GD1a antibodies characterise the motor axonal form of GBS and anti-GQ1b antibodies characterise Miller Fisher syndrome (MFS) . In murine models, we have shown that anti-ganglioside antibodies target gangliosides in neuronal and glial membranes, including motor nerve terminals. Morphologically, dense antibody and complement deposits are found in the synaptic cleft and on perisynaptic Schwann cells (pSCs), alongside a loss of neurofilament with destruction of the nerve terminal, and pSC death. Manipulating ganglioside levels in GM2/GD2 synthase and GD3 synthase null-mutant can enhance or attenuate disease. The terminal attack complex of complement is critical to development of acute neural injury by allowing calcium ingress, activation of calpain and degradation of the nerve terminal. Both calcium depletion and calpain inhibition can protect the cytoskeleton from degradation. Human immunoglobulin therapy also protects against nerve injury through anti-idiotypic effects. Inhibition of complement activation is also able to attenuate injury. These studies show that nerve terminal gangliosides can act as targets for human disease-associated autoantibodies and that this site provides a useful model system for testing new pathogenesis paradigms and therapeutic strategies. 
Stress, immunity and cancer incidence Noriyuki Kawamura a , Toshio Ishikawa a , and Norito Kawakami b a National Center of Neurology and Psychiatry, Japan; b Tokyo University, Japan 
Antibodies to native myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein are critical for severe chronic experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis and demyelination in mice and marmosets N. Heijmans a , A. Jagessar a , P. Smith a , T. Myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (MOG) is a powerful encephalitogen for experimental autoimmune demyelination. However, the use of MOG peptides or recombinant proteins representing part of the protein, fail to address the possible pathogenic role of the full-length myelin-derived protein expressing post-translational modifications. Immunisation with central nervous system (CNS) tissues from wild-type (WT) and MOGdeficient (MOG −/− ) mice demonstrates that MOG in myelin is necessary for the development of chronic demyelinating experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) in mice and marmosets since myelin from WT mice induces chronic EAE while from MOG −/− myelin induced a mild selflimiting monophasic disease. 
Molecular interactions between inflammation and β-amyloidassociated degeneration in sporadic Inclusion Body Myositis (sIBM) muscle Hallmarks of sIBM are inflammation and β-amyloid-associateddegeneration in the muscle, yet it is unknown whether these pathomechanisms trigger each other. 
Systemic inflammation was induced in mice using models of bacterial (Lipopolysaccharide (LPS); 1-100 μg/kg) or viral infection (poly I:C; 12 mg/kg), and changes in open-field activity, burrowing behaviour and consumption of glucose solution were assessed. Immune activation was studied in the periphery and brain by measuring cytokine production, and immunohistochemistry. 
EAE was induced by MOG peptide 35-55 in transgenic mice, which selectively express YFP on their neuronal population and in C57BL/6 mice. GA was injected either concurrently with disease induction or after clinical signs appearance. Neurotrophic factor expression and the in situ manifestations of EAE as well as of GA treatment were analyzed immunohistochemically. Neuroprogenitor proliferation was quantified by the expression of the immature neuronal marker DCX and the incorporation of the in vivo proliferation marker BrdU. 
Magnetic stimulation of left temporo-parieto-occipital (TPO) cerebral cortex: A non-invasive treatment to suppress ongoing human IgE responses We found that magnetic stimulation of left, but not right, TPO cerebral cortex of allergic humans significantly increased their blood CD4 + and CD8 + T cell, but not B cell, numbers at 4-6 h, and strongly suppressed their serum IgE levels at 4-5 days (>90%). In contrast, with right stimulation, the numbers of blood T cells decreased, and serum IgE levels did not change. 
We studied the production of BDNF and IFN-γ from PBMCs and the immune regulation of neuronal protection in 14 untreated patients with relapsing remitting MS (RR-MS) and 18 healthy controls (HC). Cells were incubated in several conditions: with monoclonal antibodies (mAb) against CD3, CD40 or CD154 or with IL-6 or TNF-α. BDNF and IFN-γ in the supernatants were measured by ELISA. Supernatants of the different conditioned PBMCs were added to neuroblastoma cell lines under starving condition in order to study their neuro-protective potential, as measured by neuronal cell count, neurites count or length. Cellular analysis of BDNF production was done by flow cytometry. PBMCs of RR-MS patients secreted lower BDNF (1044 ± 377 pg/ml) compared to HC (1360 ± 386 pg/ ml, p = 0.046). Monocytes was found to be the dominant BDNF producers (28.0%), compared to T cells (1.0%) and B cells (0.8%). Stimulation of PBMCs from HC with either anti CD3 mAb, anti CD40 mAb or LPS enhanced BDNF secretion (1602 ± 666 pg/ml, p = 0.002; 1483 ± 605 pg/ml, p = 0.01; 2940 ± 1052 pg/ml, p < 0.001, respectively). Only anti CD3 mAb stimulation enhanced IFN-γ secretion (2249 ± 699 pg/ml vs. 31-71 pg/ml in other conditions, p < 0.05). Supernatants of PBMCs that were cultured with anti CD40 or LPS induced protective effect on neuroblastoma cell lines, while supernatants of anti CD3 stimulated PBMCs induced cell death. BDNF secretion from PBMCs of RR-MS patients failed to be up-regulated by anti-CD40. In summary, Lower BDNF production by immune cells in RR-MS is related to dys-regulation of BDNF via CD40 and may contribute the neuronal damage of RR-MS. Activated γδ T cells lyse human oligodendrocytes in vitro but the exact mechanism of lysis is unknown. There are many ways in which γδ T cells could exert cytotoxicity and we have investigated the possibility that they might participate in antibody-dependent cell cytotoxicity (ADCC) via their expression of Fcγ receptor III (FcγRIII, CD16). To investigate if γδ T cells derived from MS patients were able to cause specific injury to target cells via ADCC, we established an in vitro experimental system using a humanized anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody rituximab (Rituxan®) as the bridging antibody and CD20 + B lymphoma cells lines as targets. Cytotoxicity was measured with multiple parameter flow cytometry. Our results show that, with Effector:Target ratio (E:T) at or above 4:1, the ADCC-type specific cytotoxicity of γδ T cells against the Raji cell line was significantly increased by the presence of rituximab (p < 0.02). Our findings suggest that γδ T cells, via Fc receptor binding, could lyse potential targets. Antibodies to myelin proteins are increased in both MS serum and spinal fluid, raising the possibility that if γδ T cells bind these antibodies, they could become effective targeted killers of oligodendrocytes. 
The DAL Pro titer in the brain was 200-fold higher than DA at 10 and 90 days postinoculation (p.i.). Although infected cells and inflammatory cells were prominently detected in DAL Pro -inoculated mice at 10 and 90 days p.i., those were not observed in DA-inoculated mice. In addition, demyelination was observed in corpus callosum at 90 days p.i. Inflammatory reaction and demyelination were observed in the spinal cords of both DAL Pro -and DA-inoculated mice, but more severe in DAL Pro -inoculated mice. 
Identification of signaling pathways involved in innate immune responses in human embryonic stem cells 
The core sandwich comprises in total sixteen anti-parallel β-strands, assembling into three (upper, middle, and lower) β-sheet layers (Fig. 2) . The upper and the middle layers, with relative flat sheet surface, consist of six (β4, β6 -β9 and β13) and seven (β1, β3, β5 and β10 -β12, and β14) strands, respectively. They are stacked together through extended hydrophobic interactions, forming a structural entity whose topological arrangement mode shows a substantial homology to that of human galectin-3 (galactose-binding lectin). A disulfide linkage (C160 to C193) is observed in this region, locking strand β8 with β9. The lower layer is composed of three (β2, and β15, β16) β-stands, two (β2 and β15) of which are of bent conformation. This has led to an apparent curved sheet-surface in the layer. Overall, the three layers are arranged in a parallel manner, forming a sandwich-like structure that accounts for ∼62% of the total molecular mass of the NTD protein. 
Four infants with viral respiratory infections were identified in the NICU during the 119 weeks at risk. All four were less than 28 weeks gestation at birth and had been in the NICU an average of 11 weeks (Table III) . Two infants were ill with respiratory symptoms within 48 hours of the weekly sampling. Log-rank test and Kaplan-Meier curve estimators suggest that the risk of acquiring a respiratory viral infection in pre-term infants in the NICU was significantly lower than in the term cohort living in the community and the risk was not associated with mode of delivery, multiple birth or sex (Figure 2 , A). These findings were confirmed in the intensity model with only a younger age as measured by the CGA significantly increasing the daily infection rate (HR 0.951, p=0.002) when delivery mode, multiple births, sex, race and ethnicity were included in the model. 
All solutions were shaken thoroughly and allowed to equilibrate for 20 min before spectral measurements were made at room temperature. The pH value of solution was measured with a Delta 320 pH meter (Mettler-Toledo Instruments (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Shanghai, China). An electric thermostat water-bath (Tianjin Taisite Instrument Company, Tianjin, China) was used for controlling the temperature. The primary data were transferred to the ORIGIN graphic program for plotting and analysis. 
[D] is the flavonoids concentration. K sv is the quenching constant and equals K q multiplied by τ 0 . Based on the quenching of EB fluorescence, an experimental strategy for determining the quenching constant of the ligand molecule interacting with DNA has become a standard method in nucleic acid chemistry [48] . It is well known that there are two quenching processes: static and dynamic quenching [47] . Fluorescence quenching can be dynamic, resulting from the collisional encounters between the fluorophore and quencher, or static, resulting from the formation of a ground-state complex between the fluorophore and quencher [47] . The plots of the quenching of EB bound to DNA by the flavonoids progressively loose its linearity, which indicates that not only one type of quenching process occurred. First, based on the Stern-Volmer equation and curves in Fig. 6 , the K sv can be obtained (Table 1) . Based on K sv = K q τ 0 and τ 0 values [43, 47] , the K q can be obtained (Table 1) . For baicalein, wogonin and baicalin, the values of K q (Table 1 ) are much greater than 2.0 × 10 10 L s −1 mol −1 , the maximum diffusion collision quenching rate constant of various quenchers with biopolymers [49] . The experimental results demonstrate that the quenching process is static quenching. Secondly, dynamic quenching depends upon diffusion. Since increasing the temperature results in higher diffusion coefficients, the quenching constants are expected to increase [45, 50] . The deviation of the plots toward the y-axis and the upward concave curvature are significant Table 1 The quenching constants and quenching rate constants for flavonoids and DNA at 25 and 37 • C Compound T ( • C) K sv (10 4 mol L −1 ) K q (10 11-13 L s −1 mol −1 ) r when the temperature increases. The increasing of the angular coefficient caused by the higher temperature suggests the occurrence of dynamic quenching for DNA-EB quenching by flavonoids. On the other hand, a non-linear Stern-Volmer plot may be suggestive of the existence of more than one binding site with different accessibilities for flavonoids in the proximity of DNA, and such sites would facilitate flavonoids penetration into the hydrophobic region of DNA. It is also possible that the increasing number of binding sites can be the result of conformational changes in the DNA molecule, or it may indicate the occurrence of combined quenching. There are some differences of the three kinds of flavonoids in the structure, but the graphs (Fig. 6) indicate that quenching of EB-DNA by baicalein, wogonin and baicalin is similar. 
Both the vomit and feces of some infected persons may contain extremely high pathogen loads-concentrations of 10 5 -10 9 Shigella (Thompson 1955), 10 4 -10 8 Salmonella (Thompson 1955) , and 10 8 -10 9 norovirus (Atmar et al. 2008 ) per gram of stool and at least 10 6 norovirus per milliliter of vomit (Caul 1994) have been reported. Some fraction of the aerosol droplets produced when a contaminated toilet is flushed may be expected to contain these microbes (Raabe 1968 ). Whether toilet bioaerosol droplets will deposit on nearby surfaces or evaporate to form droplet nuclei that move with air currents depends primarily on the initial droplet size and the initial vertical distance from a deposition surface (Wells 1934; Xie et al. 2007 ); for a given situation droplets smaller than a "critical size" will evaporate to droplet nuclei before reaching the surface, whereas larger droplets will not. The critical droplet size is determined by the droplet evaporation rate and the droplet's settling velocity, which are complex interrelated functions dependent on environmental conditions (Hinds 1999; Xie et al. 2007) . To date no studies have reported the initial droplet size distribution of toilet plume aerosols or how the size distribution and aerosol concentration vary across toilet designs and operating modes. Therefore, it has not been possible to estimate the fraction of total aerosol that may produce potentially infectious droplet nuclei bioaerosols, or the concentrations of droplet nuclei that might result, during toilet flushing. The purpose of the present work was to characterize the initial droplet size distribution immediately after a toilet flush and the droplet nuclei aerosol generation rate for a range of toilet types. 
Limitation of the study: Small sample size and a low number of co-infection cases preclude any robust statistical analysis. 
The relative antimicrobial activity against isolates of S pneumoniae based on PK/PD breakpoints, 89 can be listed as: gatifloxacin / levofloxacin / moxifloxacin (Ͼ99%); ceftriaxone / high-dose amoxicillin (Ϯ clavulanate [extended-release or extra strength]) (95% to 97%); amoxicillin (Ϯ clavulanate) / clindamycin (90% to 92%) ; cefpodoxime proxetil /cefuroxime axetil / cefdinir /erythromycin /clarithromycin / azithromycin / telithromycin / cefprozil / TMP/SMX / cefixime (63% to 75%); loracarbef / cefaclor (Ͻ20%). 
The bioactive compounds found in elderberry are primarly polyphenols and anthocyanins (their content is presented in Table 1 ). The fruit of Sambucus nigra is an important source of phenolic compoundstheir content in the elderberries is relatively high in comparison to other fruits (Leja, Mareczek, & Nanaszko, 2007) . The main polyphenols in elderberry fruit are chlorogenic acid, neochlorogenic acid, cryptochlorogenic acid, quercetin, quercetin-3-rutinoside (rutin), quercetin-3glucoside (isoquercitrin), kaempferol-3-rutinoside, kaempferol-3-glucoside (astragaline), isorhamnetin-3-rutinoside and isorhamnetin-3glucoside. The primary flavonol in this plant is rutin, while the other flavonols, isoquercitrin and astragaline occur in elderberries in smaller amounts (Dawidowicz, Wianowska, & Baraniak, 2006; Kaack & Austed, 1998; Lee & Finn, 2007; Pietta et al., 1992; Veberic et al., 2009) . The concentration of quercetin measured in the fruit of thirteen elderberry cultivars ranged from 29 ('Gentofte') to 60 mg/ 100 g ('Haschberg') of fruit (Kaack & Austed, 1998) . Furthermore, Sambucus nigra berries contain small amounts of tannins with a low condensation degree. These are procyanidins, such as epicatechin (88.4% of total tannins) and catechin (11.6% of total tannins) and their thiol derivatives (Oszmiański & Moutounet, 1995) . 
I X Anesthesia equipment should be handled, cleaned, processed, or discarded in the same manner in all areas of the practice setting. 
The use of high-dose steroids has been anecdotally reported to contribute to decrease in fever and need for oxygen supplementation. 14 A study from Guangzhou, China has suggested that the early administration of high-dose steroids together with CPAP ventilation is associated with a lower mortality. 15 However, these findings are not based on adequately controlled data and there remain concerns regarding the use of high-dose steroids. The use of CPAP is certainly no longer recommended (see Section 2.5.2). In a retrospective analysis of Hong Kong patients who had received ribavirin in combination with different steroid regimens, patients who received initial high dose pulsed methylprednisolone intravenously had less oxygen requirement, better radiological improvement and less likelihood to require rescue pulse steroid use than patients who received non-pulse steroid therapy. However, the overall mortality rate, and requirement for mechanical ventilation or admission to the intensive care unit was the same for both regimens. 16 Recommendation The current recommendation is to consider moderate doses of steroid (prednisolone 30 -40 mg/day or iv equivalent) in severely ill patients with SARS with increasing oxygen requirements who have a PaO 2 , 10 kPa or O 2 sats , 90% on air. 
As most large airports are located near heavily populated urban settlements, in combination they have a potentially significant impact on the environment and health of people living in their vicinity. For example, 150 airports in the USA are located in areas designated to be in non-attainment for one or more criteria air pollutants (Ratliff et al., 2009) . In undertaking air quality assessments and the development of successful mitigation strategies, it is therefore fundamental to consider all the aspects associated with the entire "airport system". However, current information on many aspects of this polluting source is inadequate, including a detailed speciation of hydrocarbons, physicochemical characteristics of particles, volatile and semi-volatile emissions and especially the secondary transformations from the aging of aircraft exhausts and other airport-related emissions. Some of these gaps are well summarised in a US Transportation Research Board report . 
The measurements of PM from aircraft exhaust are heavily dependent on the adopted methodology (e.g., Presto et al., 2011) . Since the volatile PM may undergo rapid changes in time and space, the sampling protocol, such as the distance from the engine exit, and other parameters having implications on the aging of plumes play a key role in the mass of sampled particles. In addition, the environmental conditions (e.g., temperature, humidity, sunlight, wind, etc.) can also affect PM mass, particularly through the potential for particle formation, coagulation, and growth (e.g., Herndon et al., 2005) . Timko et al. (2010b) reported that soot is the only type of particle detected at the engine exit plane, while volatile particles are only detected downwind (15e50 m) due to the nucleation of sulphate and organic materials in the cooling exhaust plume. Kinsey et al. (2010) indicated that a variable amount (40%e 80%) of the total PM can be composed of volatile matter, mainly in the form of sulphur and organics. Lobo et al. (2012) measured the specific PM emissions during normal LTO operations at a distance of 100e300 m downwind of an active taxi-/runway at the Oakland International Airport and reported EI(PM) between 100 and 700 mg PM kg Fuel À1 under both the idle/taxi and take-off conditions for various aircraft/engine combinations. 
The airliners of 1960s and 1970s emitted visible and dark exhaust plumes, especially during take-off. In recent decades, a great effort has been made by most engine manufacturers to reduce such emissions, which consisted mainly of soot and organics, and nowadays most modern airliners do not emit visible plumes. However, soot is still the primary form of non-volatile PM emitted by jet engines (e.g., Timko et al., 2010b) , even if its contribution represents only few percent of the global atmospheric BC emission (Hendricks et al., 2004) . 
As they are strictly linked to the airport operations, the amount of GSE vehicles clearly reflects the airport layout and traffic in terms of both cargo and passengers. Moreover, the operation duration is expected to increase with increasing aircraft size. Other factors include the type of engines installed and the quality of fuels used and the status of the vehicle fleet (age, wear and tear). Therefore, it is not possible to identify the unique characteristics common to all the airports and ICAO databanks not include any information about GSE emissions. Similarly, the amount of road traffic in the form of private cars, taxis, shuttle bus and trucks for transporting people and goods in and out to the airport depends on the airport layout, on the quality of the road links and intermodal transport systems and, finally, is directly related to the number of passengers and goods that the airport handles. As both the airport-induced vehicular traffic and most of the GSEs have gasoline or diesel engines, it is reasonable to consider them as common traffic. The traffic source is recognised to be dominant in many urban environments. Its chemical and physical characteristics are reported elsewhere, in a large number of studies and reviews (e.g., Hueglin et al., 2006; Thorpe and Harrison, 2008; Johansson et al., 2009; Gietl et al., 2010; Kumar et al., 2011; Harrison et al., 2012; Pant and Harrison, 2013; Amato et al., 2013) . 
Quantification of the impact of airport emissions on local air quality is very difficult due to the complexity of airport emissions and the presence of substantial levels of pollution from other sources, with many airports being located near to urban settlements, major highways and roads or industrial installations. This makes the signal of the AEs and, in particular, of aircraft emissions very hard to distinguish. This is a serious gap because development of cost-effective strategies to improve air quality to meet regulatory requirements demands a clear quantification of the contribution of AEs to the total air pollution. 
A DNA prime-protein boost immunization strategy was employed in this study to enhance the effect of multi-epitope DNA vaccine. Prime-boost vaccination strategies synergistically amplify specific immunity; meanwhile selecting T or B cells having greater avidity and increasing the numbers of memory cells specific for a shared antigen in the prime and boost vaccines [26] . As seen in Fig. 5 , the IgG titer induced by DNA prime-protein boost strategy mounted to 10 6 at 8-10 weeks post immunization, much higher than that induced by protein/protein vaccination. The contributing mechanism might be the more efficient stimulation of antigen-specific memory B cells by DNA priming immunization. Maintenance of memory B cell population might be independent of antigen persistence, but memory B cell must be stimulated by antigen to differentiate into short-lived antibody-secreting plasma cells. Therefore, for vaccines to induce long-term protective antibody titers, repeatedly provide or continuously maintenance with antigen in minimal quantities over a prolonged time period is desperately needed for sufficient numbers of memory B cells to mature to plasma cells [27] . DNA transgene expression persists much longer than the cognate protein due to its intrinsic expression property. Exogenous protein degradates in vivo quickly with time; while the plasmid DNA persists and stably expresses the antigen at least for 3 months at both RNA and protein level [28] ; and the longterm stability of plasmid DNA in muscle even lasts for 19 months [29] . In this study, the expression of DNA-encoding gene could be detected at least for 6 weeks in the muscle (data not shown) which explained the best memory antibody response induced by DNA priming after 8 weeks. CD4 + T cells help and cytokines are also required for stimulation of memory B cells. The potent adjuvant properties of CpG nucleotide sequences in DNA vectors is very efficient to stimulate APCs to upregulate the expression of cytokines and co-stimulatory molecules needed for expansion of CD4 + T, B and memory B cells. Therefore, DNA priming strategy was more effective than the protein priming to stimulate functional long-term memory B cell response. This is consistent with lot of recent reports demonstrating the efficacy of DNA prime-protein boost protocols to augment antibody levels [30, 31] . 
The combination of Ad-porcine IFN-a with ribavirin enhanced the survival rate of the mice as shown in Fig. 5C . Combination group 1 (sequential treatment) maintained a survival rate of 26%, and combination group 2 (simultaneous treatment) maintained a survival rate of 20% up to 7 dpc, while the Ad-porcine IFN-a or ribavirin group had a survival rate of 6% or below at 7 dpc. The difference of survival rates between the sequential and simultaneous treatments was clearly demonstrated at 3 and 4 dpc, although the survival rate of the sequential treatment group was constantly higher than that of the simultaneous treatment group during the Data are mean ± standard deviations (SD) from three independent experiments. a Cytotoxic concentration required to reduce cell viability by 50% of the control value. b Effective concentration required to reduce virus-induced cytopathogenicity by 50% of the control value. monitoring period. The combination effect of Ad-porcine IFN-a and Ad-siRNA against 250 LD 50 FMDV is demonstrated clearly in Fig. 5D . The combination group 1 administered with 1 Â 10 7 TCID 50 Ad-porcine IFN-a and 1 Â 10 7 TCID 50 Ad-siRNA had a survival rate of 13% at 7 dpc. The survival rate was higher than that of Ad-porcine IFN-a alone (6%) and lower than that of Ad-siRNA alone (20%). However, the combination group 2 with 2 Â 10 7 TCID 50 Ad-porcine IFN-a and 2 Â 10 7 TCID 50 Ad-siRNA had a survival rate of 40%, which was higher than that of the groups treated solely with Ad-porcine IFN-a or Ad-siRNA at 7 dpc. 
As proposed by the Coronavirus Study Group of the International Committee for Taxonomy of Viruses (ICTV), three groups, 1, 2 and 3, of the Coronaviridae family have been commonly accepted as a-CoV, b-CoV and g-CoV, respectively, where the genus b-CoV consists of four lineages, namely, A, B, C and D [13] . A novel genus, d-CoV, including HKU11, HKU12 and HKU13 identified in birds in 2005, was added in the CoV genera [13] . 
SARS studies have demonstrated that vaccines inducing strong neutralizing antibodies completely protected immunized subjects against SARS-CoV infection. Moreover, recovered patients infected with SARS-CoV could maintain potent and persistent RBD-specific antibody responses with neutralizing activity [48] , revealing the significance of neutralizing antibodies in the prevention of SARS. Like the case of SARS-CoV vaccines, although vaccines eliciting favorable cellular immune responses may play a role in the clearance of virus infection, vaccines inducing neutralizing antibodies will be sufficient for protection from MERS-CoV infection. Thus, the ability of eliciting neutralizing antibodies is expected to be one of the important criteria for evaluating the efficacy of MERS vaccines. 
The inactivated and live-attenuated SARS-CoV has been tested as vaccine candidates, some of which are proven to be effective to provide protective immunity against SARS-CoV infection [59] [60] [61] . It was previously reported that a b-propiolactone-inactivated SARS-CoV vaccine administered subcutaneously (s.c.) to mice was more effective in inhibiting virus replication in the murine respiratory tract than the adenovirus-based N and S vaccine given either intranasally (i.n.) or intramuscularly (i.m.) [62] . In addition, a live, impaired-fidelity SARS-CoV vaccine with engineered inactivation of exonuclease activity protects aged and immunocompromised mice against lethal virus challenge [63]. Apparently, both local and serum antibody responses can be induced in inactivated SARS-CoV vaccinated mice [64] . Like SARS-CoV, it might be possible to attenuate MERS-CoV by deleting the envelope E protein to diminish virus growth in tissue culture, while abrogating virulence in animals [65, 66] , or by inactivating exonuclease activity. In spite of the possibility of inducing highly potent immune responses and protection, vaccine candidates based on the inactivated and live-attenuated MERS-CoV might have the potential of recovering virulence, raising safety concerns; as such, this vaccine type may be inappropriate for use by highly immunosuppressed individuals. 
Both MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV RBDs consist of a core and a receptor-binding subdomain. They share a high degree of structural similarity in the core subdomains, but the receptor-binding subdomains are notably divergent [32] . Because of variation of the receptor-binding subdomain region within subgroups of the same CoV or across different CoV groups, it is advisable to rationally design MERS subunit vaccines using chimeric S protein containing several neutralizing epitopes from divergent subgroups. This approach will provide a strategic platform for the rational design of subunit vaccines against future emerging CoVs by focusing on the chimeric S protein containing neutralizing epitopes from multiple virus strains across different subgroups [94] . 
Another problem with gamma globulin treatment in KD is that coronary artery aneurysms may develop in some patients (about 13% of gamma globulin treated patients) even using high-dose gamma globulin treatment. These patients may have a higher incidence of coronary aneurysms. Repeat gamma globulin treatment of 2 g/kg or pulse therapy by highdose methylprednisolone (30 mg/kg for 3 days) may be indicated (level D evidence). 60 Aspirin is also important and provides antipyretic, antiinflammatory, and antiplatelet effects; however, optimal doses are still controversial (level C evidence). 61, 62 The AHA recommends high-dose aspirin (80 to 100 mg/kg) and reducing the dose to 3 to 5 mg/kg/day after the child has been afebrile for 48 to 72 hours. High-dose aspirin and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) appear to provide additive antiinflammatory effects. In Japan, lower doses of aspirin are prescribed, such as 30 mg/kg per day in two doses (middle dose) for 2 weeks and then reducing the dose to 5 mg/kg (level A evidence). 61 Regarding the effects of aspirin on platelet aggregation in KD, a lower dose (30 mg/kg) can successfully reduce the platelet aggregation that usually increases in the second or third week of illness. However, a higher dose of aspirin such as that used in collagen vascular disease, 100 mg/kg or more, did not have significant effects on platelet aggregation. 63 Biosynthesis of thromboxane B 2 was completely blocked in both groups; however, plasma 6-keto prostaglandin F 2α , a metabolite of prostacyclin that has potent antiaggregatory effects on platelets, was also blocked in the high-dose group. These findings suggest that highdose aspirin may be disadvantageous for prevention of thrombosis in some of these patients. Liver dysfunction was seen more frequently in the high-dose group. In such cases, we discontinued aspirin and began flurbiprofen. It has been reported that the absorption of aspirin in the gastrointestinal tract is impaired and clearance may increase in the acute stages of KD. The middle dose of aspirin may reduce aspirin intoxication, liver dysfunction, and gastrointestinal irritation, and have a lower risk for Reye's syndrome. For these reasons, we recommend 30 mg/kg in the acute stage and reduction to 5 mg/kg in convalescent stage (level C evidence). 40 However, the optimal dose of aspirin is still controversial. 
Viruses are perfect opportunists that have evolved to modify numerous cellular processes in order to complete their replication cycle in the host cell. An article by Reggiori and coworkers in this issue of Cell Host & Microbe reveals how coronaviruses can divert a cellular quality control pathway that normally functions in degradation of mis-folded proteins to replicate the viral genome. 
The strength of immunity was tested by re-challenge. Twenty two of 24 (92%) of the pre-sensitized survivors and 14 of 16 (88%) survivors without prior coronavirus exposure were still resistant after a second challenge-exposure (Fig. 1) . Thirteen survivors from both groups were then exposed to FIPV a third time, and 11 of 13 (85%) remained resistant (Fig. 1) . One cat survived a fourth infection and another survived five exposures (Fig. 1) . 
Antisera were prepared against MttV.JHM in BALB/e mice (21) . The antisera were adsorbed against methanol fixed ] 7 CI-1 cells to remove nonspecifie antibodies except where otherwise indicated. The antisera were polyspeeifie and reacted with all of the MttV-JttM specific proteins detectable by SDS-polyaerylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) (t, 2). Immunofluoreseence was done by the indirect immunofluoreseence technique previously described (2t). 
The CAP considered and commented on the multitude of reputed prognostic factors in a consensus statement 67 and concluded that certain factors have been definitively proved to be of prognostic import, including local extent of tumor (pT), regional lymph node metastases (pN), blood or lymphatic vessel invasion, and residual tumor following surgery with curative intent. Other factors that have repeatedly been shown to be of prognostic importance include tumor grade, radial margin status, and residual tumor in specimens following neoadjuvant therapy. 67 The CAP recommends that these additional features should also be included in pathology reports. Although customarily included in pathology reports, parameters such as tumor size and gross configuration have been well studied and are of no prognostic significance. 67 That still leaves an incredibly large group of factors that may be considered prognostic but have not yet been sufficiently studied. 
Peutz-Jeghers polyps can be found throughout the GI tract, either sporadically or as part of the Peutz-Jeghers syndrome. 1, 282, 283 The polyp itself is characterized by fairly normal epithelium and lamina propria lining an abnormal arborizing network of smooth muscle that represents hamartomatous overgrowth of the muscularis mucosae ( Fig.  23-47 ). 1, 282, 284 Peutz-Jeghers syndrome, usually inherited as an autosomal dominant trait, is the combination of skin hyperpigmentation and Peutz-Jeghers polyps in the GI tract. The diagnosis of Peutz-Jeghers syndrome is considered definitive if the patient has a Peutz-Jeghers polyp and at least two of the following criteria: (1) family history, (2) mucocutaneous hyperpigmentation, and (3) small bowel polyposis. 265, 283 The pigmentation consists of clusters of brown or black freckles about the lips, buccal mucosa, and perianal and genital region. Pigmented areas can occasionally be seen on the fingers and toes. The spots appear in the first year of life and tend to fade toward middle age. The polyps usually number only in the dozens and can be found throughout the GI tract. These polyps have a propensity to form in the small intestine where they often cause intussusception. In rare kindred, Peutz-Jeghers polyps have been limited to the large bowel. Cases of complicating GI carcinoma have been reported. 285, 286 Approximately 5% of female patients with Peutz-Jeghers syndrome have a peculiar ovarian tumor, sex cord tumor with annular tubules (SCTAT). 287 The rate of detection may increase if the ovaries are carefully examined, 287, 288 and some tumors may be associated with sexual precocity. 289 Male patients with Peutz-Jeghers syndrome occasionally have unilateral or bilateral Sertoli cell tumors of the testes. 290, 291 Adenoma malignum and pancreaticobiliary tract carcinomas are reported to occur at increased rates. 292 The Peutz-Jeghers syndrome has been linked to the STK11 (serine/threonine-protein kinase 11, also known as LKB1) gene on chromosome 19p13.3 [293] [294] [295] [296] and can be demonstrated in 70% of cases. 265 This is a tumor suppressor gene involved in transduction of intracellular growth signals. 66 Investigators have suggested that genetic testing be considered for Peutz-Jeghers syndrome when any Peutz-Jeghers polyps or typical perioral pigmentations are found. 66 Meta-analysis of cancer risk in an evaluation of patients with known mutations of the STK11 gene have shown increased lifetime risk for cancer of the esophagus, stomach, small bowel, colon, pancreas, and breast. 283, 297 Putting this into perspective, the risk for breast cancer in Peutz-Jeghers syndrome is similar to the risk seen in individuals with germline mutations of BRCA1 and BRCA2 and Peutz-Jeghers syndrome is the strongest known risk factor for pancreatic carcinoma except for hereditary pancreatitis. 283 Screening at-risk individuals (first-degree relatives of a patient with Peutz-Jeghers syndrome) should begin at birth with an annual history and physical examination to look specifically for melanotic spots, precocious puberty, and testicular tumors. Asymptomatic at-risk individuals without stigmata by age 8 years should be tested for STK11/LKB1 gene mutations. If mutation is not found in the family, small intestinal contrast radiography every 2 years until age 25 years is recommended. Other investigators suggest that upper and lower endoscopy with small bowel series should be done at ages 12, 18, and 24 years. 283 Esophagogastroduodenoscopy and upper GI radiographic series with small bowel follow through are recommended in patients with Peutz-Jeghers syndrome commencing at age 8 years and repeated every 2 years thereafter. 283, 298 Colonoscopy every 3 years is recommended starting with symptoms or by age 18 years if symptoms have not occurred. 66, 283 Testicular examination, pelvic examination by age 20 years, mammographic examination by age 25 years, and endoscopic ultrasound examination of the pancreas by age 25 to 30 years have 